1. Introduction
Welcome to ROCINANTE XVII.
ROCINANTE XVII. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates Weight Tracker mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your use of the Weight Tracker mobile application.
Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“Agreement”).

2. Definitions
SERVICE means the Weight Tracker mobile application operated by ROCINANTE XVII.
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either inour possession or likely to come into our possession).
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

3. Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any information or personal data from the user. All personal data related to our services remain on the user’s device and are not communicated to any external entities.

3. Permissions
Weight Tracker requests to use your phone’s READ_PHONE_NUMBER, READ_PHONE_STATE, and SEND_SMS permissions to provide persistent notifications of weight tracking milestones. 
This is an optional feature, and the user does not need to enable these permissions to use the service. At any time, the user reserves the right to change the app’s permissions through their system application settings.


4. Children's Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“Child” or “Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 18. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. 
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.

5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: rocinanteXVII@zohomail.com
